OAKEWOOD: *WHAT* research project?!

GILLIAN: Oh, here we go...
MILO: So, my mentor in Piou wants me to figure out my research thesis.
MILO: I figured, what better place to find a sociological evolution thesis than the Sovereign Festival?

MILO: I mean, with all the different creatures that travel from all over, I figured there would have to be something interesting to study. And here you are! An unknown creature thrust into a novel society, begging to be studied! It would be a great service to discover more about how she's learning and adapting, and how does she fit in and how her mannerisms change and whether she can ultimately integrate well into her new circumstances! The possibilities are endless! And I swear that I read some sort of similar case, only with a crocodile in a town in Nawan. You see, the crocodile, his name was Kashi, he was a feral kit, grew up in the woods, and his whole case was just so fascinating! And I see so many parallels here, and can you imagine what sort of valuable information we can glean from such a unique case? Because not only is she some kind of foreigner, but she's completely unknown as a species and we could use more information about the vast mysteries of the world we live in. I mean, what if she's from some lost civilization? Or what if she's a singular specimen entirely? The impact on science and sociology of a long term case study is beyond what I can even articulate at this moment and I'm incredibly grateful for the chance to study such an interesting case and put my name on the map for Sociology and earn my doctorate with this research. I just can't believe such a perfect case fell into my lap before I even really got off the boat! What phenomenal luck! Uncle Claude, you really are a great creature for helping me out with this project

OAKEWOOD: ***MILO!***
OAKEWOOD: That's *ENOUGH!* Find another project!

OAKEWOOD: I am already conducting my *own* research. She will *not* be poked and prodded by some wet-behind-the-ears *child.*
MILO: But *Uncle Claude!*